.TH "sflow-toolkit.conf" 5
.SH NAME
sflow-toolkit.conf \- Configuration file for the sFlow toolkit
.SH DESCRIPTION
This is the description of the configuration file for the sFlow toolkit.
By default, this file is located in /etc/sflow-toolkit.conf

.SH SECTION "stcollectd"

.TP
.B loglevel: <value>
This option is used to set the verbosity as an alternative to the individual command
line switches. 0 = Errors, 1 = Warnings, 2 = Information, 3 = Debug

.TP
.B interface: <A.B.C.D>
IP address to bind to, in dotted 4-decimal format.

.TP
.B port: <value>
Service port number to listen on

.TP
.B datadir: <path>
Data directory path, will be used for data files exported by the collector

.TP
.B tmpdir: <path>
This is where the temporary sample files will be created, must be a path to the
temporary file system, (default: /dev/shm)

.TP
.B msgqueue: <name>
The name of the POSIX message queue to used for messaging (default: /sflow)

.TP
.B agents: <list>
This is a list of agents to receive datagrams from, each entry in the list
contains a name and a list of IP addresses this device can send datagrams from.
The first IP address in the list will be treated as the primary agent address
and this is the identifier that will be used when storing the samples.
.IP 
Entries in the agent list are in the format of:
.br
- <name> : [<primary>, <secondary1>, <secondary2>, ...]
.IP
Example: "- sw-test : [192.168.0.1, 192.168.1.2]"

.TP
.B hash bits: <value>
Specifies the number of bits to used for the agentlist hash in the range 0-32.
For optimal results, we try to provide a unique hash bucket for each agent we
are monitoring. The memory consumed by the hash table is dictated by this
option. For small systems monitoring few agent only a small amount of memory is
required. (default: 8)
.IP
Some common values:
.IP
Monitoring a class A network: 24 
.br
(consumes ~64 MB of memory)
.IP
Monitoring a class A network: 16 
.br
(consumes ~256 KB of memory)
.IP
Monitoring a class C network: 8 
.br
(consumes ~1 KB of memory)

.TP
.B print interval: <value>
Print a short status message every time <value> samples has been collected
(default: 10000)

.TP
.B flush interval: <seconds>
This is the maximum time to wait for a buffer to fill up before writing it's
contents to disk. If the buffer fills up before this interval expires, it will
be written and the interval will be reset. (default: 10)

.TP
.B buffer size: <value>
The size of the buffer to collect samples into, a bigger buffer size results in
bigger chunks of memory being allocated when needed, for high rate sampling,
using large buffers reduce some of the resources consumed by buffer allocation.
(default: 50000)

.TP
.B num buffers: <value>
How many buffers to allocate initially during collector startup, and the
minimum number of buffers to have allocated at any time. If extra buffers are
allocated they will be freed when no longer needed as long as the number of
buffers do not fall below this number. (default: 2)

.SH SECTION "stprocessd"
.TP
.B loglevel: <value>
This option is used to set the verbosity as an alternative to the individual command
line switches. 0 = Errors, 1 = Warnings, 2 = Information, 3 = Debug

.TP
.B hash size: <value>
The number of entries in the hash table used for classifying conversations, if
the processor spends a lot of time processing a large number of conversations,
try increasing this value at the cost of system memory.

.SH SECTION "stprocessd storage_mysql"
.TP
.B enabled: < 0 or 1 >
Option to enable or disable this storage module from being loaded

.TP
.B username: <value>
MySQL username (default: sflow)

.TP
.B password: <value>
MySQL password (default: sflow)

.TP
.B database: <value>
MySQL database (default: sflow)

.TP
.B hostname: <value>
MySQL hostname (default: localhost)

.TP
.B interval: <minutes>
How often we partition the MySQL tables, (default: 1440, one day)

.TP
.B number of intervals: <value>
How many partition slices we keep in the database (default: 7, with the default
interval this keeps one week of data)

.TP
.B tmpdir: <path>
This is the directory to use when writing the temporary files that will be
loaded into the database.  This path should preferably be on a temporary file
system in memory to reduce disk IO.

.SH SECTION "stprocessd storage_spectrum"
.TP
.B enabled: < 0 or 1 >
Option to enable or disable this storage module from being loaded

.TP
.B interval: <seconds>
How many minutes to write into each log file, a larger value results in less
frequent updates but fewer log files.

.TP
.B datadir: <path>
This is the location to write the log files

.TP
.B hash bits: <value>
Specifies the number of bits to used for the agentlist hash in the range 0-32.
For optimal results, we try to provide a unique hash bucket for each agent we
are monitoring. The memory consumed by the hash table is dictated by this
option. For small systems monitoring few agent only a small amount of memory is
required. This is slightly different from the hash table used in the collector
as this table contains not only agents, but also the individual interfaces,
requiring a linear search for the correct interface once the correct agent is
found.  (default: 8)


.SH "SEE ALSO"
stprocessd(1), stcollectd(1)
.SH BUGS
None
